How to install smartVISU on a Debian based Webserver

= Introduction =

It is quite easy to install smartVISU on a Webserver. This tutorial discribes, how to setup a server with eibd, LinKNX and smartVisu on Debian.

*required hadware:*
 * a server, with internet connection, of you choise...

*required software:*

To run smartVISU on your system you need the following prerequisites:
 * debian based operating system
 * EIBD
 * LinKNX
 * webserver with PHP 5.2.4 (f.e. Apache2)
 * latest version of smartVISU

= Installation =

I like to use a slim server for my enviroment, so i use [http://www.debian.org/CD/netinst/ Debian-Netinst-Image]. Download the image for your system architecture. Burn disk and run setup. You can use any Debian based Linux operating system, like Ubuntu and other derivates.

For my system, i just use the base system of debian. This is without a GUI (X-Windows). The webserver i like to use is Apache 2 and thats all for my basic setup. Setup a fixed IP address for this server. I manage my server via a SSH connetion, see Setup SSH fo further information.

== Setup SSH ==

If you like to use SSH to mange your server, follow this section or skip to next section.

The first thing i setup directly on my server, before removing screen, mouse and keyboard is [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Shell SSH]. So my server has no screen, mouse and keyboard. I use a SSH form an other linux based system to configure my system. You can use [http://putty.softonic.de/download Putty] on windows based system to access your server via SSH.

 # Before removing mouse, screen, and keyboard from server
   * We need to setup the shh server
   * Login as root to your server, with passwords from setup
   * Run the following commands:
   {{{
apt-get update
apt-get install ssh
   }}}
   * This will install and setup the SSH server
   * Now we cann access the server via SSH from an other computer in the same network
   * Connect to a server from an other linux system run:
   {{{
ssh IP_OF_YOUR_SERVER
   }}}
   * Connection from Windows:
     * download and run [http://putty.softonic.de/download Putty] enter IP of your server and connect

==Setup eibd==

Eibd is not part of the debian sources, so we have to add a repository to the source list.

I like to use [http://www.debianadmin.com/nano-editor-tutorials.html nano] as text editor. This tutorial uses nano to edid files. You can use what ever you prefer.

 * needed nano commands: save file (Ctrl + o), close file = Ctrl + x

 * lets go:
 * open the source file:
{{{
nano /etc/apt/sources.list
}}}
 * now add at the end the following lines:
{{{
deb http://www.auto.tuwien.ac.at/~mkoegler/debian eib main
deb-src http://www.auto.tuwien.ac.at/~mkoegler/debian eib main
}}}
 * save file (press Ctrl + o, then press enter)
 * close file (press Ctrl + x)
 * the repository is signed with a key so we need to add it to our system:
{{{
apt-key adv --keyserver keyserver.ubuntu.com --recv-keys 3CB5CB58
}}}
 * Install eibd:
{{{
apt-get update
apt-get install bcusdk
}}}
 * so now eibd is on your server

===test eibd===

===autorun eibd===

===use USB interface===